v1.1.4 Release (#137)
networktocode/schema-enforcer: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v1.1.4 - 2022-07-13

### Adds

- Add format_nongpl extra to jsonschema install. This ensures draft7 format checkers validate format adherence as expected while also ensuring GPL-Licenced transitive dependencies are not installed.

### Changes

> - Update jsonschema schema version dependency so that only versions greater than 4.4 are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update jsonschema dependency so that only versions greater than 4.7 are supported.
```

Reviewer: BTW, what was the reason/benefit to end users of updating the minimum jsonschema version? Better validation? Bug fixes? Would be good to spell that out here.

Author: Resolved per #139
